; SS6.4 descr_character edited by gracul: Jan-2011
; SSHIP v0.9.6. - modified by Lifthrasir April 2019

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
starting_action_points	170	; default value for all characters and pathfinding calculations

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
type			named character

actions			moving_normal, moving_quickmarch, garrison, assault, attack, besiege, entrench, ambush, diplomacy, bribe, exchange, building_fort, building_watchtower
wage_base		200
starting_action_points	170

faction			lithuania
dictionary		1
strat_model		lithuania_general
strat_model		lithuania_heir					; heir
strat_model		lithuania_leader				; leader
battle_model	Aztec_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_general
strat_model		fancy_general					        ; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king					; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			serbia
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king						; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_general
strat_model		fancy_general					; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king					; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			abbasid
dictionary		2
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan					; heir
strat_model		islamic_general				; leader
battle_model	muslim_general_1
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			pisa
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_general
strat_model		fancy_general					; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king						; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_general
strat_model		fancy_general					; heir
strat_model		pope						; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan					; heir
strat_model		islamic_general				; leader
battle_model	muslim_general_1
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			zengid
dictionary		2
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan					; heir
strat_model		islamic_general				; leader
battle_model	muslim_general_3
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		aztec_general
strat_model		georgia_general					; heir
strat_model		georgia_king				; leader
battle_model	Georgian_general
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield


faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			cumans
dictionary		1
strat_model		cuman_general
strat_model		cuman_heir					; heir
strat_model		cuman_khan					; leader
battle_model	Aztec_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		mongol_general
strat_model		mongol_heir					; heir
strat_model		mongol_khan					; leader
battle_model	mongol_general
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan					; heir
strat_model		islamic_general				; leader
battle_model	turkish_general
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			rum
dictionary		2
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan					; heir
strat_model		islamic_general				; leader
battle_model	turkish_general
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		byzantium_general
strat_model		byzantium_heir					; heir
strat_model		byzantium_emperor				; leader
battle_model	byzantine_general
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield


faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan
strat_model		middle_eastern_sultan					; heir
strat_model		islamic_general				; leader
battle_model	muslim_general_2
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_general
strat_model		rus_heir					; heir
strat_model		rus_knyaz					; leader
battle_model	andronicus
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_general
strat_model		rus_heir					; heir
strat_model		rus_knyaz					; leader
battle_model	andronicus
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_general
strat_model		fancy_general					; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king					; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_general				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield


faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_general
strat_model		fancy_general				; heir
strat_model		northern_generic_king				; leader
battle_model	Northern_General
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
type			general

actions	moving_normal, moving_quickmarch, garrison, assault, attack, besiege, entrench, ambush, exchange
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	170

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		lithuania_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			serbia
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	fancy_captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			abbasid
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Ayyubid_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			pisa
dictionary		15
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Ayyubid_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			zengid
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	muslim_Captain_1
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		georgia_captain
battle_model	Georgian_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	fancy_captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		cuman_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	mongol_captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Seljuks_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			rum
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	Seljuks_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	fancy_captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		byzantium_captain
battle_model	byzantine_captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_captain
battle_model	muslim_captain_1
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	fancy_captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	fancy_captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Teutonic_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		fancy_captain
battle_model	Fancy_Captain
battle_equip	gladius, chainmail shirt helmet and rectangular shield

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			spy

actions			moving_normal, spying
wage_base		100
starting_action_points	275

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			serbia
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			abbasid
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_spy

faction			pisa
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_spy

faction			zengid
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_spy

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		byz_spy

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		nom_spy

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_spy

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_spy

faction			rum
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_spy

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		byz_spy

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_spy

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_spy

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_spy

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy


faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_spy

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_spy

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;


type			assassin

actions			moving_normal, assassinate, sabotage
wage_base		200
starting_action_points	250

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			serbia
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin


faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			abbasid
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_assassin

faction			pisa
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_assassin

faction			zengid
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_assassin

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_assassin

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		nom_assassin

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_assassin

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_assassin

faction			rum
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_assassin

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		byz_assassin

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_assassin

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_assassin

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		southern_assassin


;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;


type			diplomat

actions			moving_normal, diplomacy, bribe
wage_base		50
starting_action_points	220

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			serbia
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			abbasid
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_diplomat

faction			pisa
dictionary		15
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_ambassador

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_diplomat

faction			zengid
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_diplomat

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		byz_diplomat

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		nom_diplomat

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		nom_diplomat

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_diplomat

faction			rum
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_diplomat

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		byz_diplomat

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_diplomat

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_diplomat

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_diplomat

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_diplomat

;faction			slave
;dictionary		2
;strat_model		diplomat

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			admiral

actions			moving_normal, quick_sail, blockade, disembark, exchange
wage_base		50
starting_action_points	250

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		scythia_admiral

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		briton_admiral

faction			serbia
dictionary		2
strat_model		german_admiral


faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		macedon_admiral

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		julii_admiral

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		brutii_admiral

faction			abbasid
dictionary		2
strat_model		egypt_admiral

faction			pisa
dictionary		15
strat_model		scipii_admiral

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		senate_admiral

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		macedon_admiral

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		egypt_admiral

faction			zengid
dictionary		2
strat_model		egypt_admiral

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		greek_cities_admiral

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		seleucid_admiral

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		scythia_admiral

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		parthia_admiral

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		pontus_admiral

faction			rum
dictionary		2
strat_model		pontus_admiral

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		gaul_admiral

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		german_admiral

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		briton_admiral

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		armenia_admiral

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		dacia_admiral

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		greek_cities_admiral

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		numidia_admiral

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		scythia_admiral

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		scythia_admiral

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		spain_admiral

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		spain_admiral

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		thrace_admiral

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		slave_admiral

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			princess

actions			moving_normal, diplomacy, bribe, marry
wage_base		150
starting_action_points	150

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			serbia
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			abbasid
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess

faction			pisa
dictionary		15
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		southern_princess

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess

faction			zengid
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			cumans
dictionary		1
strat_model		northern_princess

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess

faction			rum
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		byz_princess

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		northern_princess

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_princess

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_princess

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_princess

;faction			slave
;dictionary		2
;strat_model		princess

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			merchant

actions			moving_normal, acquire
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	180

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			serbia
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		byz_merchant

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			abbasid
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_merchant

faction			pisa
dictionary		15
strat_model		byz_merchant

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		byz_merchant

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_merchant

faction			zengid
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_merchant

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		byz_merchant

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_merchant

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		islamic_merchant

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_merchant

faction			rum
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_merchant

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		byz_merchant

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		mus_merchant

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_merchant

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_merchant

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		euro_merchant

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			priest

actions			moving_normal, denounce
wage_base		80
starting_action_points	225

faction			lithuania
dictionary		2
strat_model		pagan_priest						; default model
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_high_priest					; advanced priest

faction			jerusalem
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			serbia
dictionary		2
strat_model		orthodox_priest						; default model
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest

faction			norway
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal                                       ; advanced priest

faction			venice
dictionary		15
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			sicily
dictionary		15
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			abbasid
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			pisa
dictionary		15
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			denmark
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			zengid
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			georgia
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_priest						; default model
strat_model		rus_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest

faction			egypt
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			scotland
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			cumans
dictionary		2
strat_model		nom_priest						; default model
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_high_priest					; advanced priest

faction			mongols
dictionary		2
strat_model		pagan_priest						; default model
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_priest						; placeholder
strat_model		pagan_high_priest					; advanced priest

faction			turks
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			rum
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			france
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest


faction			hre
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest


faction			england
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			portugal
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			poland
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			byzantium
dictionary		2
strat_model		orthodox_priest						; default model
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest

faction			moors
dictionary		2
strat_model		muslim_iman						; default model
strat_model		muslim_iman						; medium level priest
strat_model		muslim_iman					        ; advanced priest

faction			russia
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_priest						; default model
strat_model		rus_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		rus_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest

faction			kievan_rus
dictionary		2
strat_model		rus_priest						; default model
strat_model		rus_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		rus_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest
strat_model		orthodox_patriarch					; advanced priest

faction			spain
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			aragon
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

faction			hungary
dictionary		2
strat_model		catholic_priest						; default model
strat_model		catholic_bishop						; medium level priest
strat_model		catholic_cardinal					; advanced priest

;faction		slave
;dictionary		2
;strat_model		priest						        ; default model
;strat_model		bishop						        ; medium level priest
;strat_model		cardinal					        ; advanced priest

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			heretic

actions			moving_normal
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	130

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		heretic
strat_model		heretic
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			witch

actions			moving_normal
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	50

faction			slave
dictionary		2
strat_model		witch
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

type			inquisitor

actions			moving_normal, denounce
wage_base		0
starting_action_points	150

faction			papal_states
dictionary		15
strat_model		inquisitor
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

